Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm
Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
Mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm
Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
Mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
♪ Mmm-mmm-mmm
Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm ♪
Mmm-mmm-mmm-mmm... ♪
Some kids dream
of going to camp.
♪ Little bitty pretty one... ♪
Nature...
friendships...
torturing unsuspecting
counselors for fun.
♪ Whoa-oh-oh. oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh. oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Tell you a story ♪
♪ Happened a long time ago... ♪
They yearn for adventure.
♪ Whoa-oh-oh. oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh... ♪
And Nora was not
one of them.
♪ Little bitty pretty one ♪
♪ Come on and talk to me... ♪
She was a loner.
Much more keen to explore
the great indoors.
Clean. quiet.
controlled environments.
But her parents
shipped her off.
convinced she'd come home
with a bunch of new besties.
Little did they know
she'd be bunking
with the Pretty Committee.
Open the damn door. Mary!
Jane needs to pee!
Come on. Mary!
Open the door! I need to pee.
What the hell are
you doing in there?
Come on. Mary!
Can I help you?
Um. sure. Um...
what bunk would be best...
for me?
This is Sycamore cabin?
Yeah. no. Magnolia. Bye.
I think I'm dying!
If you must die.
can you do it somewhere else?
I think I might
actually pee myself!
Please. Jane.
I need the doctor!
They tortured Mary.
my sweet little lamb.
And I wasn't having
any of it.
You lost?
This isn't your bunk.
I was a camp veteran.
A year older. Wiser.
Hey. I'm Ginny. Open up!
Go away!
It's okay. kid.
It's just your period.
I know. but menstruation
isn't supposed to happen
until age 12.
I still have eight more months!
Look at you.
ahead of the game.
What if I'm hemorrhaging?
Look. I know what
I'm talking about. okay?
I got my first period at 10.
and my mom bought me
my first bras when I was 11.
We walked into JC Penny.
bought 3 demi cups.
and burned them
right in the parking lot.
Mmm...
You can't smoke in here!
You gotta stick it up
inside you.
In-- Inside me?
What is happening in there?!
She's blossoming
into womanhood! Chill.
Gross!
Can you do it?
Fine.
Finally.
Come with me. Let's go.
Hmm?
Let's go.
You're never gonna hit it
if you don't believe you can.
Hmm. Not bad. pinky.
What can I say?
I'm a natural.
Nora? What are you doing?
Okay.
Uh. let me help you here.
Um. first straighten that up.
Raise your elbow up a bit.
Okay. Not bad.
Now. aim a little higher.
Good. good. good. Fire!
- Shit! Too high!
- Go. go. go!
Did she just hit him?
Hold on!
We're coming to help you!
Oh. my God! I'm so sorry!
Never apologize
until you see blood.
Hey. guys?
I think it looks worse
- than it is.
- Looks pretty bad.
You three. Come with me.
I thought for sure we were
gonna get kicked out.
All right. listen up.
I have not seen
much integration
between the three of you
and your respective cohorts.
so we have decided to try
putting all of you
in one group.
Sassafras.
I actually...
Year after year.
we returned to camp.
I haven't seen you guys
since last year!
I know! I missed you!
Those eight weeks
were what made
the other 44 bearable.
We never really fit in...
until we found each other.
You got it. Mary!
- Whoo! Go. Mary!
- Whoo! Yeah!
I was there for their wins.
cheering them on...
Their wing woman when they had
their first crushes
on whip-smart Stevie D.
Did you see that look?
And handsome as hell Tommy.
And I like to think
I brought both of them
out of their shells.
We promised to stay
best friends forever.
We had big dreams of
going to the same college
and ending up
in the same town.
Peeing!
But 50 years later.
we hadn't exactly
kept our promises.
There was no way in hell
I was gonna let 'em miss
our summer-camp reunion.
I was a self-made
self-help sensation.
I felt like I was the only one
making efforts
to catch up anymore.
Get your ass down here.
We need to get to Nora's.
I'm still on shift.
I'll be out in 20.
And. Gin.
don't talk to anyone.
Oh. Mary. You know
I can't ignore the fans.
Ms. Moon.
It is such an honor.
Oh. I'll be glad
to sign that for you.
Mary got married. Settled.
Ugh. don't tell her
I said that.
She gave up her dream
of becoming a doctor.
Although she eventually
went to nursing school.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I have it on
"do not disturb."
But there it is. disturbing.
Hi. honey!
Is everything all right?
Uh. where
do you keep the peanuts?
I've been tearing
the kitchen apart.
In the cabinet
on the left. Upper.
With the spices?
I swear I looked there.
No. no. I wouldn't keep
a snack food with the spices.
I gotta go.
Come on. Come on.
Ah. There he is.
Doesn't "do not disturb"
mean anything?
If Mary was tough
to convince.
Nora was gonna be like teaching
cats synchronized swimming.
She was notorious
for bailing on plans
to get the band
back together.
opting instead for a sad.
solitary. sanitized existence.
If we were gonna
get her to come.
we'd have to stage
a full-on kidnapping.
Oh. God.
I apologize.
No. I am. I'm hearing you.
- No.
- Yeah. No. I can understand
what you're saying. and you
are being heard 100%. Mm-hmm.
I'm on it right now.
Okay? Bye.
So...
Mm-hmm?
Uh. Ginny Moon managed
to track down
- my cell phone number.
- What?
And she said. um... She said?
"If you don't
pick up the effing phone.
she's going to send
the entire company
pictures of you all
in Cancun
getting wet and wild
with Cabana Carlos in '97."
She also said
that she wanted you
to look out the window.
- What do you mean?
- Uh...
What?
We're stealth!
I do not have time for this.
I simply do not
have time for this.
- I'll get rid of them.
- Yeah. yeah.
- Yeah. fine.
Right this way. Miss Moon.
Uh. it is such an honor
to meet you.
And... Hi.
I read the Get Your Shit
Together box set
cover to cover. Twice.
It really helped me cut out
all the toxic relationships
in my life.
Now I live alone with my
Bichon Frise. Martin. and. um...
...I've never been happier.
- I know how to open a door.
- It's a little heavy.
I know. I'll give you
a selfie later.
I'll give you
a couple of selfies. Nora!
Hey. stranger.
It's been a while. huh?
Are you Nora Thompson Gray?
Is that Mary?
Of course it's Mary.
Who else could I have convinced
to wear that ridiculous
get-up?
Oh. come on. Nora.
Help us kidnap you.
Forgive me for not being
a more cooperative victim.
You don't think
you're skipping out
- on this reunion. do you?
- I'm sorry.
I have to finish
a ton of paperwork.
And look at this.
My swivel chair.
It doesn't even swivel.
It completely lost
its swivel.
The CEO of a company
must swivel!
Okay. Never mind.
- Whoop!
- What's going on?
Okay. great. No problem at all.
I think this-- No! I'm...
Okay. Okay.
You can't just bully
Mary and me to get your way!
I don't bully. I persuade.
You threatened to retract
Emma's school
recommendation letter.
Ginny! She's 8!
Actually. Nora. she's 18.
My grandbaby's
applying to colleges.
- Oh.
- See! Look how much
of each other's lives
we've missed.
I mean. the last time
we all got together
without a bunch of cling-ons.
Mike had hair.
Cling-ons?!
Do you mean family?
Oh my God. Oh. please.
As much as it pains me
to admit this.
she's right.
July will be 15 years
since Wesley died.
Tsk. Oh. man.
And I would argue
that a funeral
doesn't count as a girls' trip.
However. you did get
topless in the hot tub.
There's no right way
to grieve.
Just come on!
I haven't packed. You know.
I mean. I really-- I can't.
Oh. I packed plenty
for both of you.
And don't worry.
I'm past my caftan phase.
Come on!
We all needed a change.
Even if they didn't
know it yet.
I can't believe you drive
this thing yourself.
Right?
I can hardly handle my RAV4.
Ooh. Why do you need
a home security system
in an RV?
Not to worry you. but I had
a Mark David Chapman
situation a few years ago.
♪ All the pretty girls
Walk like this ♪
♪ This. this. this
This. this ♪
♪ Pretty girls walk
Like this ♪
My God.
it hasn't changed one bit.
Handle with care!
This isn't the TSA!
Oh! Vick Cockburn.
two-time
state wrestling champ.
one-time Peoria Pie Eating
Contest winner.
and would-be Army recruit
if it wasn't for my webbed toes.
I will be your personal
liaison this week. Ms. Moon.
I'll get you settled in.
ensure the premises
remains secure.
Oh. 10-4. I'm on it!
Our cabin!
Oh!
I'm not sleeping on the top.
I'm starting to have flashbacks.
Oh. my God. I don't remember
there being steps here.
- Whoa.
What?
Oh. man.
Ah. oh!
It's exactly
how I remember it.
That's exactly what
I was afraid of. actually.
Yeah... There's a nice breeze.
- Yeah.
- Don't worry.
I knew this
wasn't gonna work.
Ah. oh!
Yeah!
Woof!
What?
Check it out.
What? Oh...
What is that?
♪ Clean shirt. new shoes ♪
♪ And I don't know
Where I am going to... ♪
I can't see for shit.
Can you just give it
to me for a minute? Please?
Let me just see
for a second.
Uh-oh. Oh. hello.
How are you. sirs?
Oh. my gosh. It's Stevie D.
Here. Lemme see. Let me see.
Hey! Hey!
God. that name
sounded a lot more edgy
when we were 14. right?
Can you imagine yelling that
at the top of your lungs?
I don't think she has
much to imagine there.
We kept everything
above the clothes.
- He's a gentleman.
- Yeah. well. we can fix that.
Time has been very good
to some of us.
Hey. Speak for yourself.
Oh. my freaking God!
No freaking way!
It's the Pretty Committee.
How are they still
so pretty?
- Pilates and plastic.
- Oh.
Ginny Moon!
Oh!
- Hi. It's so firm.
- That's so great.
It's so wonderful to see...
you girls.
And Ginny. wow!
We love you.
We've read all the books.
- Power pose!
- Oh!
- Oh. whoa.
- Wow.
Okay. Evelyn. Judy.
What say we go get in
a quick Pilates sesh?
- Pilates?
- Told ya.
We'll see you
at the reception.
- Bye.
- See ya!
Bye!
You're so famous!
Yeah.
What are you doing? Okay.
That's rude.
If you think that was something.
you'll really get a kick
out of this.
4.5 million views.
What?
I'm Ginny Moon.
Let me hit you
with a little knowledge.
People deserve
the love they accept.
Pause. Play it again.
Let it sink in.
If he's been treating
you like trash for years.
it's on you
to flip the script
and take his ass
to the dumpster.
Real subtle.
As a Brinks truck!
Campers. check in and get
your cabin assignments here.
Miss Moon.
We are so grateful
to have you back
at Camp Pinnacle.
And I believe
Vick's got you all set up
in the Sassafras cabin.
Whoa!
Hi! Hi.
If you could kindly place
your electronic devices
in this bin.
What? Wh-- I'm sorry.
Come again?
We aim to create
a technology-free environment
so that you can truly enjoy
your time here and reconnect.
Hear. hear. Ladies.
we're not here for connection.
We're here for reconnection!
They will be locked
in a secured place
and stored safely
until your departure.
Which will be now.
I can't traipse around the woods
for a week without Wi-Fi.
I need to call Mike
every morning
to make sure he doesn't
oversleep his alarm.
Wait a minute.
So he can hear a phone call.
but he can't hear
his own alarm?
I can't go MIA.SAGE: Not to worry. ladies.
There are phones and computers
available to you in the lab.
Okay. okay. fine. Fine.
There.
Thanks.
Do you have an iPad?
Oh. my God. You know what?
Here's the deal.
Here. you can just
take it all. No problem.
Okay? Yeah. shoot.
I wanted to do a strip search.
That's not necessary.
I don't know. Just in case.
- Here we go!
- Yay! Wow.
Wait. Wait for me.
What do we have here?
Miss Moon!
Did a little switcheroo for you.
Think you'll like it.
Welcome to the new Sassafras.
♪ And my heart goes
Boom chicka boom... ♪
Wow. This is amazing!
♪ Chicka boom boom
My heart goes... ♪
This is nicer than my condo.
You know what?
This could be in a magazine.
Oh. it will be. I called in
a favor from my friend Martha.
- and she zhuzhed it up for me.
- Martha? As in Stewart?!
Yeah. but we're gonna
have to have words.
This was supposed to be
ready this morning.
Ginny. this is incredible!
Thank you.
I revise what I said earlier.
You can kidnap me any time.
I figured that you could
re-ignite that passion
of yours.
I haven't been
on a horse in 50 years!
Well. baby. maybe it's time
you got up on one.
You really are amazing.
Ginny Moon.
I know! And I brought these
for you.
Huh? Well...
- What is it. though?
- It's a vibrating egg.
Oh! Don't do that area.
I see a lot of these in the ER.
- Oh. my God!
- Remote control.
- They get stuck!
- These are professional grade.
They're recommended
by gynecologists
all over
the United States.
Give me that back
if you don't want it.
Shouldn't it be like
wrapped nicely?
Reduce. reuse. recycle.
Just wash it out
in the sink.
♪ Somebody save your soul ♪
♪ 'Cause you've been
Sinning in this city ♪
♪ I know too many troubles ♪
♪ All these lovers
Got you losing control ♪
♪ You're like a drug to me
A luxury... ♪
Love the hat.
♪ Every good night
You're a hard one to hold ♪
♪ 'Cause you don't even know ♪
♪ I can make your hands clap ♪
♪ Said. I can make
Your hands clap... ♪
It's my swim trophy!
- You still hold the record!
- No!
So long ago. No way.
Yeah. it was way back
in the old-timey days
when they still had cocaine
in the old cola.
Okay. All right. Thank you.
Come on. come on. come on.
Hi. guys.
Oh. God! Oh. no!
You don't have to!
- Get up.
- Come on.
- No. no. no!
- Get up. Come on.
- Let's get a drink.
- Good to see you.
- Sorry.
- No. here.
What are you doing? I mean...
Okay. I'm fine. I'm sorry.
No more! No. no! You can't!
What are you doing?
No. it's okay.
Just don't tell my boss.
Oh. my God.
You're touching my breasts!
Well. where did they go?
Oh. no.
There!
Tommy's with him.
- Oh. my God.
- Tommy's-- Tommy's here.
I thought he was in Thailand.
Myanmar. actually.
But that was just a stint.
I spend most of my time
in Liberia
setting up clinics.
An unapologetic overachiever.
this guy.
Oh. you want an overachiever?
Our little Nora here.
she's got an MBA
and a PhD in. uh. bio-something?
Yeah.
Bioengineering and chemistry.
I work in R&D now testing
cleaning agents and...
It doesn't matter. So... GINNY: The hell it doesn't!
You're a bleach stain away
from a Nobel Prize.
Oh... No.
The Tide Pen changed my life.
It's good to see you. Nora.
Oh! And good to see you too.
Mary here's just as impressive.
She's the best APRN
on the Eastern Seaboard.
Your patients must love you.
You should see
her bedside manner.
So. um. do--
What have you been up to
the last few decades?
Well. I spent most of
my time overseas working.
but that takes a toll.
So I'm teaching anatomy.
At Johns Hopkins.
Wow. Professor.
Maybe you found
someone smart enough
- to find his own nuts.
- Oh. whoa.
If you'll excuse me. I'm gonna
dip into the punch bowl.
Hasn't changed a bit.
has she?
No. Still smells like
patchouli and lighter fluid.
What are you doing
these days?
You're looking at it.
I'm gainfully unemployed.
What are you gaining?
I'm sorry.
My sanity. Oh.
I finally retired
a few years back. Yeah.
Yeah. How long have you
been married. Nora?
Oh! Oh. 34 years.
So it's serious.
Uh. yes. it is.
Was. I mean. He passed.
I'm sorry. No.
As am I.Thank you.
Welcome. welcome. welcome
to our first ever
Camp Pinnacle reunion!
This is an exciting milestone
for us.
But it's an opportunity
for you
to get back to your roots.
We've created a schedule
to give you a week
of unencumbered fun.
reconnecting with friends.
Now. we have activities
all planned.
so you can opt in or out
at your leisure.
And we have a special treat
to wrap up the week.
Ginny Moon is here
to share her pearls of wisdom
as our closing speaker!
- Did she tell you?
- No. She didn't tell me at all.
They like the name
Cleanie Greenie
better than Cleanie Greens.
Cleanie Greenie?
I mean. that sounds like something
an idiot toddler
would come up with.
Hello? Kris?
You have exceeded
your daily phone limit.
I need to get out of here!
Ugh!
Come on!
Oh. no!
Hi there. Excuse me. Hello?
Uh. Vick. right?
You're not-- You're not supposed
to be able to see me
through this two-way glass.
Well... Oh. damn it!
They must have
installed it backwards!
Are you sure you can see me?
- You can?
- Yes. but I'd be very happy
just to keep this
on the down low
in exchange for my phone.
I just want to get-- Okay.
Ma'am. I have
a police-grade Taser.
and I am not afraid
to use it.
I will shove that Taser
so far up your you know what!
Need reinforcement?
- What? Oh!
Um. where did you come from?
Well. originally
from Baltimore.
but I've been here
for a half an hour.
Oh. I was just. you know...
Shoving a Taser so far up.
I know. I-I heard.
Yeah. I mean. it sounded like
I said that.
but I didn't
really say that.
- Well. That's what I heard.
- I mean. okay.
No. she said it.
- What?!
Here. Try this.
Ooh! Ooh-hoo!
Yeah.
It's a bit of a sting. huh?
- Yeah!
- It's made from emulsified
jellyfish mesoglea.
ethically harvested
by this farmer
that I met in Namibia.
Keep it.
Papadou sends me one
every month.
What are you drawing
over there?
That's a great hobby.
Let's see that masterpiece.
Oh. um...
- What is it?
- Well. it was just an idea
that came to me.
Can't you just
spend time with us?
- And do what?
- That's it.
That's the whole shebang.
Just be present with us.
Oh.
I mean. what did you do
when it was just you
and Leslie?
Well. work.
I mean. for fun.
Work.
No?
Don't get mad.
I love you.
I love you. Oh. hey.
I decided that we
could all use
a little hydrotherapy
to unwind. you know.
So I signed us all up
for a lazy river excursion.
I didn't see that
in the catalog.
No. no. no. no.
No. no.
We're gonna get wet
tomorrow. Yeah.
Yep. whoo-hoo-hoo!
I'm gonna stay dry!
There's nothing lazy
about this river.
They must have made a mistake
on the sign-up sheet.
Or you misunderstood.
- No way.
- Well. we could use
some adventure.
get us out of our ruts.
I can't believe
I let you talk me into this.
- I'm going back to the cabin.
- Come on. Nora.
- Don't you want to live a little?
- I sure do.
Hence the staying on shore.
Okay?
Oh. God.
Ladies! What a surprise.
I certainly didn't take you
for the intrepid type.
Yeah. Us three?
We're super adventurous.
Right?
This doesn't look too bad.
Yeah?
Oh. this? This is nothing.
We took a trip
to Chile together.
Ooh!
You know. Jane used to be
a rafting guide.
Well. technically
a rafting expert.
- Wow.
- Let me tell you. the Andes...
- No joke.
- Yeah. well...
- Nice outfits.
- Yeah. Thank you.
- Bye.
- Thanks so much.
Well. if anyone needs
a flotation device.
they've got six.
Twelve counting
the butt cheeks.
Oh. yes. let's go!
Oh. let's go to Chile!
Stop. You've lost your mind.
Nora. if they can do it.
- we can do it.
- Okay!
- It'll be great!
- Yes!
Could we have asked
for a better day. ladies?
Oh. Jimmy.
Ever the optimist. eh?
Well. you live in paradise.
every day's a gift. right?
I have to say.
I mean. this isn't awful.
No. it's amazing!
And one. and two...
Sorry.
Hang on. Ginny!
And one... Hello!
We're losing!
What can I do?
It's not a competition.
ladies. right?
It's about having fun!
Looking good.
my aqua warriors!
♪ I see
The bad moon rising... ♪
Start paddling! Paddle!
I'm paddling!
Wait. are we supposed
to go over that?
It's just a Class II.
Nora!
Take control.
- Come on. grab it!
- You're supposed to be helping!
I am helping her!
Super kick! Super kick!
- Grab her!
- Grab on! Come on!
Grab on!
Come on!
Grab on! Grab on. Nora!
Oh. please! Please... MARY: Oh. come on!
We got you! We got you!
Come on!
All right!
That wasn't so bad.
Come on. Push your legs.
Here we go!
All right.
- Give me her legs.
- Here we go. Here we go.
Give me your legs.
Oh. thank you.
Nora!
Yeah. yeah. It was so...
Oh. God. I wish you could've
been there. Mike!
Yeah.
The water.
The water. it just
rushes and rushes.
and we were-- Oh. God.
Oh. it's hard to describe.
Hey. now that you're
all retired. maybe we can...
Ahem. Yeah. What?
Just. can you turn the TV down
just a little bit?
The game's almost done.
Uh. it's lights out here
anyway soon.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. I... Yeah.
I'll call you tomorrow. okay?
All right. Yeah.
All right.
Love you.
You too. Okay.
Who's there? Hello?
I know you're out there.
Nora.
- Oh! Oh. my God.
- It's me.
Oh. Oh my goodness.
What are you...?
What were you doing out there?
Uh. trying
to get your attention.
Tell me I didn't scare you.
No. No. no. no. no.
Be right there.
Oh. dear.
Wow. Um...
- Hi.
- What are you doing up so late?
Well. I couldn't sleep.
I got up. went for a walk.
saw the light.
saw you in here. and...
Do you want to join me?
Join you?
For a walk in the woods
at night
with a man
I hardly even know?
Well. when you
put it that way.
it actually sounds
kind of dicey. doesn't it?
I don't know. I mean. I'm still
catching up on e-mails.
And not having my phone
is just kind of putting me
so far behind.
Don't they keep them
locked up in there?
- Yeah.
- Well. I'll get it for you.
Really? But how are you
gonna do that?
Um... Oh.
- Titanium.
- But we're breaking in. I don't--
No. we're walking in.
We're gonna get in
so much trouble.
It's good to see you. Nora.
Oh. my God.
- Uh. yeah.
- Sassafras. is that the name?
I know.
I'm looking for it. Yes.
I've got--
I don't know.
Oh! Oh...
Oh! Good!
Yes!
- See? Did it!
- There. Good.
We did it. You're bad.
Hmm. Too much credit.
I'm semi-bad.
Mmm.
What are you doing?!
- Oh! Oh! Ah!
Whoa!
- Ah. Um...
An inside job. huh?
Hi. Are you all right?
The boss isn't gonna be
happy about this.
You are going to have
to replace that monitor.
Yeah. okay.
I'll go back to 1994
and see if I can find one.
Oh! Is this a joke to you?
Look. this was my fault. okay?
She actually
tried to stop me.
So let her go and just cuff me.
Okay. I can do that.
'Cause I got these.
- Okay. Okay.
- Yeah. I'll cuff you.
Do you see
how nervous I am?
He's being so sassy to me!
You can't be like that to me!
Okay.
- Let's be patient with them.
- Okay.
- She'll calm down.
- Yes. that's it.
Are you zoned out now?
Yeah. In a good way.
Good zone.
Maybe it's time for us
to just say goodbye...
Yeah....and appreciate
- what you've given us. okay?
- Yeah.
We should all go out together.
maybe on a weekend?
Yeah?
- That is such a great idea.
- Yeah. That would be good.
- I wouldn't mind that.
We could go to Chili's.
Uh. Chili's... They all know me there.
- Oh. they do?
- Uh-huh.
Some of the best food
ever. right?
Yeah!
Southwestern eggrolls.
Yeah. yeah. Wow.
- Gosh!
- They are delicious.
- I can just house
the whole plate
of those. you know?
I bet you could.
What is that
supposed to mean?
Oh. my God.
Oh. sorry! Ha-ha!
Where the hell have you been?
We were worried sick!
I was just. uh...
Well. Stevie D and I.
we got into some trouble.
- What kind of trouble?
- Tell us everything!
If you kissed. you sure
as hell better tell!
Please let us
live vicariously.
He took me to the security
office to get my phone.
Oh.
And then you kissed?
No! We broke in!
With a credit card.
And then he found my phone.
- And then you kissed!
- No. no. no.
But. well. there was
a moment...
- Ooh. a moment!
- But then we were caught!
By Vick!
That traitor! She's here
to protect and to serve.
not buzzkill and cockblock!
So when did you...?
There was no kiss.
It was invigorating. though.
And he's such a gentleman.
my God.
Two peas in a celibate pod.
You're going to have
to make the first move
if you want to get anywhere.
Still. this is
the most exciting thing
that's happened to any of us
since Gin told us about
her threesome
with Tony Robbins backstage
at Super Soul Sunday.
I never said that!
I signed an NDA.
Oh. wait. wait.
Who was the third?
Was it Oprah?
It wasn't not Oprah.
Sometimes I wish Mike
would just--Die.
No! It's just that...
maybe I wish
that I didn't get married.
Like you. You're lucky.
Well. it wasn't about luck.
I chose to stay single.
You did?
Don't get me wrong.
I love men. But I...
I just love
my independence more.
I'm sure marriage works
for plenty of people.
but I'm just too damn happy
being on my own.
Do you ever get lonely. though?
No.
No?
Not since I hit menopause.
Oh.
You?
Me?
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
Sometimes. Yeah. Hmm.
Well. I-I guess
sometimes I do too.
but it's like 80% happy
and 20% longing.
You know.
instead of 20% happy
and 80% longing
for less bullshit.
Less of the. "Where are you?
Why won't you call?
Where's dinner?"
You know. and I just feel that
that 20% of loneliness.
hmm. you know.
I just don't need
a romantic partner
to fill that.
That's true.
I-- I'm not lonely
when I'm with you two.
Gin!
- Whoa!
- Wake up!
Your alarm has been
going off for an hour.
What do you ladies
think about
hitting up the old
Sky Canopy course?
I think I've had
my fill of adventure.
You barely dipped a toe in.
I dipped considerably
more than a toe in.
thank you very much.
You know what?
What?
Why don't you choose
today's activity. huh?
Excellent idea!
What's the plan. Mare?
Today is your day!
There's a pottery workshop
at noon.
- No. No.
- Oh. No. no. no.
Sorry. I'm out on that one.
Well. better luck next time.
Robin Hood.
All right. Sighted the target.
Oh! Oh. my God! I'm sorry.
- Saved it!
- Hi.
- Still good.
- Oh. still good.
- Do you have any tips?
- I'm not an expert.
Or an intermediate. I've never
actually touched a bow.
It seems like they're a bit
short-staffed around here.
wouldn't you say?
No. I--
- No?
- I just got transferred
out of water sports.
Making moves. Lateral moves.
Did it have anything to do
with ejecting Nora
from our raft?
That may have been
a part of it. Yeah.
I also set
the boat house on fire.
I saw a beaver
building a lodge
out of the wreckage. So...
Uh-huh.
- Win-win.
- Right.
- I wouldn't mind
shooting another one.
if you don't mind.
Thanks so much.
It's really great.
Okay. ready? There we go.
- Now. if I just-- Shut up.
- Turn it around. sweetheart.
You guys always--
You're so... Okay.
I got it. Geez. man.
Incoming! Take cover.
You ladies mind
if we join you?
- Whoa! Swing it around. Nora!
- Oh. my God.
I should've gone
to pottery class.
Look. we're
very self-sufficient.
No mansplaining
necessary. Thanks.
My battle scar
would say otherwise.
Oh. my God!
You still have a scar?
I'm sorry. I should've used
sutures instead of super glue.
You were 12.
Well. you ladies enjoy
the patriarchy.
Oh. excuse me.
I mean archery.
I'm gonna go
work on my speech.
Would you wanna see
if the pottery class
would take some newcomers?
Absolutely.
So. Nora... Yes?
You're very.
very good at this.
Oh. shh! I'm...
Yeah. I know.
I'm-- I'm kidding.
But maybe
with a few pointers.
- you know. a few tips.
- Mm. okay.
- Somebody say tips?
- Uh-huh. Yeah. tips.
Uh. private conversation. but...
- Yeah.
- Let's keep it that way.
- Bye. Jimmy. Bye-bye. Thanks.
- Good. good.
No. I think. uh...
I think there's a future here.
Oh. yeah. That's slippery.
♪ Come on over ♪
♪ A little closer ♪
Oh. my.
♪ And let me feel
Your love vibration ♪
It's not me. it's the clay.
That's okay.
♪ Look over at me... ♪
Ready to start drilling?
Okay.
♪ I've got the feeling ♪
♪ I need for you ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey... ♪
That's it.
Stop!
Looks like
an Ice cream cone.
You're supposed
to shape it.
Oh. no! Oh!
Uh-oh!
I hope you're not
staring at my ass.
Huh? No! No.
I was checking out
your technique.
I mean. my God.
Okay. It's just
I get a little nervous...
Oh. Okay. I understand....with you standing
right behind me.
It's a fabulous technique actually.
Eight out of ten.
- Wow!
- All right. I'll take an 8.
Okay.
Let's see
what you can do. Nora.
Oh. okay. Fine. Oh.
So... So. thank you.
- All right.
- Do you think--?
- Well. you look good.
- Uh-huh.
But your form...
And now let's--
Let's work with the bow.
- Mm-hmm.
- I want-- I want you to...
You don't mind me...?No. no. That's fine.
I know
what you're thinking.
Okay. you're thinking.
"Wow. This is a move."
This is not a move.
'Cause I don't have moves.
I'm just...
I'm just trying to help.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Now let's just bring
this elbow
- up this way. okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Now let's focus
on our breathing. okay?
Nice and easy.
Nice and easy. Inhale.
And exhale.
Focus on the target.
Slowly bring
the drawstring back.
And... release.
I can't believe...
We did it!
- We did it!
- I wasn't expecting that!
Thank you.
Oh. dear.
What?
Where did you get that?
Bargain Republic?
- What?
- I'd never have approved that.
Martha's gonna have
hell to pay
- if she put that in.
- I had it
in my "in case of an emergency"
bag. okay?
We're trying to get you laid.
not promoted
to mid-management.
- Laid. Gin? Really?
- What?
Banged? Bedded? Schtupped?
Is anybody really
having sex anymore?
Oh. Mare. come on.
I'm having sex right now.
Aah! Oh. God!
Don't touch me
with those things.
Maybe you should get
out of your comfort zone.
And by "comfort zone."
I mean your marriage.
I heard that.
You don't have to be forced
to keep a promise
you made 45 years ago
if it's making you miserable.
And that goes for
relationships and careers.
No. no.
Couldn't you at least
let me do something?
- Nora!
- That bad. huh? Really?
- No!
- Really?
- Hot!
- I mean. who is that?
So you like it?
And you doubted me.
Yeah. I-I...
Well. I do look not bad.
No. you look hot!
Better than hot.
You look like a bad bitch.
- A bad-- What?
- Say it with me.
Say it with you."I am..."
I am.
"...a bad bitch."
I'm not gonna say that.
Why would I call myself a...
We have reclaimed
that word
- for decades. Say it!
- I think you should say it.
It's just
positive affirmations.
- Okay. fine!
- You're not a gentle bitch.
I am a...
bad...
bad. bad bitch.
- No. not good?
- That sounds sexy.
Okay. not that.
I am a bad bitch.
- Say it like you mean it.
- I'm just a bad bitch!
- Is that good?
- Say it like you mean it.
I am a bad bitch!
Bad bitch!
- You scared me!
- I scared me!
- Okay. You say it.
- I'm a bad bitch.
- Get your... in that chair.
Ooh. look at her. Ooh!
What-- Where you going?
Do I walk like that?
Your bone structure is... Oh... Oh!
Then why do I need
a ton and a half of makeup
- to make me look presentable?
- That is so not true!
You don't.
This isn't about makeup.
Or how to look
for anyone else.
It's-- It's about
feeling cared for.
Been a while since I felt that.
Me too.
We've got a lot of
amazing years ahead of us.
So we can always make time
to have fun
and pamper ourselves.
Ooh!
If you don't take ownership.
you'll always be weak.
I'm responsible for
the way others treat me.
So sad.
Thank you. Thank you.
All right. so...
who else is ready to get their
shit together with Ginny Moon?
Jane Goodman!
Come on down!
Well. this should be interesting.
Okay. sit down.
So. what's your problem?
Actually.
I don't have a problem.
I'm just such a fan.
Oh. Hmm.
So. what you're
telling me is you're...
Happy. Mm-hmm.
For the most part.
- Oh. for the most part.
- Mm-hmm.
Which parts aren't happy?
What about JP?
Her son was arrested
for defacing a public monument.
He was on bath salts!
She told me she was
waiting for Evelyn to pass.
so she can swoop in
on her husband.
That was a joke. I was kidding!
I'm married. Happily.
We are the picture
of marital bliss.
I am so lucky. Blessed.
Grateful. Always.
Are you?
It sounds like
you're hiding behind
a lot of socially-sanctioned
hashtags.
Okay. fine! Fine.
I haven't had sex
with my husband
since I started experiencing
age-related pubic hair loss.
And. yes. it's a thing.
My arm Spanx are
cutting off my circulation.
My hands are numb
and this freaking fire
is melting my face tapes!
I'm just so sick...
of trying to be pretty!
Looking for approval
from people I don't even like!
Damn it!
Get off of there!
Wow.
Jane...
what does that feel like.
to be vulnerable like that.
to just be plain old Jane?
What did you say?
Let's all give Jane
a big hand.
Thank you. Yeah.
And. uh. we better
move this along.
Thank you. Jane.
Uh...
Um. can she
come back
and sit up there with--?
Would you rather be sitting
with somebody else
at this point?
No. I...Okay. It's all right.
Oh! Thank you. Go.
There you go. Jane.
Wow. Wow.
How could you
hurt Jane's feelings?
She'll be fine.
Some tough love.
and she'll come back stronger.
Let's celebrate.
What'll it be?
I've got red. white or tequila.
No. no. I haven't had
this much to drink
- since college. Oh!
- Oh. no!
- Are you okay?
- No. no. no!
Don't go to bed!
You can't sleep.
No. That got me
all pumped up.
Um. let me do
my keynote for you.
Oh. I'm sorry!
Oh. yes. of course.
The-- You're gonna do
the keynote.
Attention. Attention.
Real eyes...
realize...
real lies.
And you're all lying!
To yourselves. to others.
Only the truth
will set you free.
- That's true.
- No. I'm not done. No. I'm...
Wait a minute. Okay.
Here it is. I am Ginny Moon.
and I'm here
to cut through your bullshit
so you're nothing but
a quivering husk of truth.
What does that even mean?
No. it's-- It's aggressive.
It's a little aggressive.
but I think what she
is trying to get
her audience to do is to tap
into their own vulnerability.
Oh. blech. you can't be
subtle with these people.
I'm gonna
lobotomize their lies.
Oh. that's really great.
I think I should
write that down.
- Isn't that great?
- Speechless!
Good night. girls.
Ginny. I think
it'd be stronger
if you just speak
from your heart. girl.
Pull on some of
the camp experiences
that you've had.
People respond to that.
Thanks. little lamb.
I really wasn't looking
to workshop this.
Can we just turn off the light?
Did you call me a lamb?
Oh!
Come on.
We'll bring back
a plate for her.
What are you two
doing up so early?
It's 10 o'clock.
We're about
to miss breakfast.
What? Oh. my God! Yeah.
Let me get my shoes.
Yeah. fine.
Good morning.
I tied on one too many
nightcaps last night.
Oh. my. You ladies
look bright-eyed.
Mary!
Mike?
Uh. what are you doing here?
I... wasn't able
to reach you.
I just didn't know
if anything were...
Or if something
was wrong.
Tommy.
Mike.
Good to meet you.
I'll catch up
with you ladies later.
They took our phones
when we got here. I told you.
But you said you'd call
from the community phone.
- I did.
- Yeah. Once.
I got busy. I'm sorry.
Uh. did you get busy.
or were you busy
getting bullied by...
I don't really want
to talk about this here.
Okay. How about we
talk about it in the car.
on the way home?
Hey. you guys.
go on to breakfast without me.
- I'll catch up with you.
- Oh. You sure. huh?
You sure?
Yes.
Yeah. Okay.
Where are your bags?
Um. you're welcome
to stay if you'd like.
but camp ends on Sunday.
and I'll go home then.
I never agreed to you
flitting off
and disappearing
for a week.
In 45 years.
have you ever known me
to flit anywhere?
I don't know.
You know.
none of this is you.
The Mary I know
would've been checking in
every morning.
She would've wanted to know
if I made it
to Andrew's swim meet
and whether we had
gone out to the Longhorn.
She wouldn't have
just disappeared!
The Mary you know hasn't been
happy for 20 years. Mike.
I'm finally having fun.
Well. that's news to me.
I'm sure it is.
You don't notice anything
until it directly
affects you.
I allowed my needs.
what I wanted
to take a backseat to you
and to John. Andrew.
to people in distress.
- Oh. okay. It's about work.
- No. I like my work.
I told you
you didn't have to work.
How many times have I said
that I would support you?
Are you getting any info?
- Shut up.
- Oh. shut up. okay?
- You shut up.
- Shut up.
- I am shut up.
Financially. yes.
Emotionally. no.
- Good for her. man.
- Good for her!
What you're talking about
is not support.
It's ownership.
Ownership?!
Okay. um...
I let you come here.
But now it's time
to go home.
No.
I don't know what you want.
I want you
to care about me.
Care about the things
I care about.
Right now...
I want to stay here
with my friends.
Yeah. I'll...
I'll be back
to pick you up on Sunday.
Why does everything
he says sound like a threat?
Who does he think he is?
- I don't know.
- I never liked him.
- No. no. no.
- He's cute though.
- I'm sorry. I didn't say that.
- You think everybody's cute.
I do not.
Drive safe!
Good riddance!
Hope you can take your eyes
off your ego
long enough
to keep 'em on the road!
Oh! "Eyes off your ego."
I should write that down.
- Mare.
- Little lamb.
How much of that
did you hear?
Basically all of it.
But are you okay?
I-- I just feel so...
relieved!
Like a got a 100-pound weight
off my shoulders!
I know
it's not a big deal.
but I feel like I got
some kind of a super power.
That's the power of no.
Feels good. right?
Yeah.
Well. I think.
I mean in honor
of this momentous occasion.
Mary gets to choose
our next activity.
Yes!
Do you still
want to do the pottery?
Hey. Mare. You sure
you're up for this?
- You smell that?
- Oh. yeah.
This is pure affection.
Ladies! You ready
to tear up some turf?
Yeah. So archery didn't
work out either. eh?
I'm still exploring.
Finding my strengths.
You're never too old
to try something new. right?
Like probation. which.
incidentally. I am now on.
Oh.
Oh! Oh!
Oh! Oh. oh...
Come on. Up!
Oh. God!
Sorry.
Such a powerful beast. Whoo!
I think. uh. maybe
it's better I just observe.
Whoo-hoo!
- My God!
- She's still got it!
She sure does.
I had no idea she was
such an adrenaline junkie.
Wow.
- You gonna ride?
- Well. I would.
but I forgot
my chaps at home.
Hey. guys!
Watch this! Whoo!
I'm not sure
that's a good idea.
Should she be going
that fast?
Jimmy!
- My boss is gonna kill me!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa!
- Oh!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Ai-ai-ai!
Oh! Mary!
Why did you jump
in front of me?
Are you okay?
- Jimmy! Aah!
- Sorry. Sorry.
Here. Here you go.
- Okay.
- I'm okay!
Mare. you good?
- Yes!
- I'll get the horse.
Would you like some help up?
I got it.
You got a little schmutz...
- like everywhere.
- Where? Where is it?
Well. since
we've worked up an appetite.
um. you care to join us
for dinner tonight?
Oh. well. I mean.
that'd be great.
but I'm not sure
Mare's up to...
We'd love to!
- Good.
- Oh. God.
Good.
Then it's a date!
Bravo.
Wait... Wait a minute.
Did he just say...?
Well. the food
hasn't changed.
No. it hasn't.
Davidson. I hear
your son's doing big things
in the city.
Jamie? Yeah. well. smart kid.
Good business sense.
Although that whole
crypto thing
still makes my head spin.
Make way. boys.
- Ladies.
- Wow.
We were starting to think
you were standing us up!
Nora. there's a seat... Oh. thank you.
...if you wanna take that.
You know what?
Why don't we look
for another table?
No. You two.
you're off the team.
- Oh. Ginny!
- What?
It's okay.
They were one drink away
from passing out anyway.
Ginny. congrats
on an amazing career.
I hear you're quite
the self-help guru now.
Aah! Ugh! Stevie D.
it's frowned upon to refer
to ourselves as gurus.
We're not a cult.
Well. maybe you can
give me some tips.
Uh. no. I'm sorry. You know.
after my third bestseller.
I just...
I don't do one-on-one's
anymore.
We're going global. Basically.
I'm the next Dr. Phil.
But not a doctor.
Uh. Brené Brown.
Again. not a doctor.
You either. Mary.
I can get an honorary PhD
just by picking up the phone.
- Tommy?
- Tommy? You okay?
Here.
Probably just a chicken wing
down the old windpipe.
It'll work its way out.
Do you want some of my Scotch?
Oh! Okay.
- What a launch!
- Uh-oh.
He had a chicken bone
caught in his throat.
We were doing the Heimlich.
That's why it...
Hey. man. I was choking.
It wasn't meant for you.
What the...?
I see where this is going.
Food fight!
Let's go!
Unless you want to be
in a Stooges' movie.
let's get out of here!
Down. baby. down!
Here! Here! Here!
Get control! You've gotta
stop this from happening!
♪ It was like lightning ♪
♪ Everybody was frightening ♪
♪ And the music
was soothing... ♪
We've got a 10-34 in progress!
Hot dog and
baked potato bombs.
weenie grenades. Whoa!
♪ And it turned into
A ballroom blitz ♪
♪ The girl in the corner said
"Boy. I wanna warn you"... ♪
Ms. Moon is compromised!
I'm going in!
Officer down!
That's the reason... NORA: Yes?
...I was hesitant to come
to this damn thing
in the first place.
Where's the door?
You know. this is not
how I hoped
dinner would go tonight.
I'm still hungry.
Well... Yeah. and--
This is a kitchen.
So. what's for dinner. chef?
- Oh. no. no. no.
- No?
The only thing I know
how to make is...
Is?
A reservation.
Yeah.
Right.
But. under
the circumstances. um...
I think I might be able
- to come up with something.
- Oh!
What do we have?
Cream cheese and lox.
I am a bad bitch.
Come again?
I was just talking
to myself. It's nothing.
I do that a lot. and...
Interesting conversation.
Okay. Here we go.
Now the magic happens.
You know. I've been
forcing myself...
- to go with the flow more.
- Oh. uh-huh.
You know. this is...
Well. you know. I mean.
practice makes perfect.
Yeah. Or you realize
there is no perfect.
- Oh!
- Uh-uh. Not yet.
Oh! Ooh...
I mean. what just...
What just happened?
I think you just
initiated something.
You leaned in.
I leaned in
to grab
the pepper grinder.
Oh.
Nora.
What?
I think it's great
that you made the first move.
I didn't! You do?
- Yeah.
- I'm a bad bitch.
Uh. I wouldn't say that.
No. no. no. no.
Of course you wouldn't.
But anyway. thank you
for inviting us...
or me tonight or whatever.
I had fun. I had fun.
- Yeah? Me too.
- Yeah.
I could walk you home.
I think I'm going to go
and catch up with the girls.
Well then.
I guess I'll just go.
- Okay.
- Yeah. okay. That's fine.
So we'll. uh...
So we'll......see you. then.
Sure. Yeah.
That's great.
That's great. Sure.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God!
I can't...
Oh! Oh. sorry!
- You okay?
- I was just cleaning up.
You know how it goes. Yeah.
I think it'll be fine.
Good night.
Great seeing you.
- Good night.
Hey!
Oh. my God.
that's a heavy table.
Is this hickory?
I'm gonna throw up.
♪ Stevie and Nora
Sitting in a tree ♪
♪ K-I-S-S-I-N-G ♪No. no! No!
Is that a Sun Chip?
Oh. no! No. no. no.
I know you want it.
You know you want it.
God. you're getting food
all over the place.
- What are you doing anyway?
- Get the mop. Mary.
Mary. get the mop.
You get the mop.
Hmm?
If you notice
that somebody needs to mop.
then you can do it
instead of just
pointing it out! Geez!
Mike does that
all the time. Aah!
- I'm so sick of it.
- You see?
- This isn't about me.
- Yeah. Actually it is.
All I ever get from you. Gin.
is judgment.
- Me?
- Yes! You!
Mike.
And everybody in my life!
Oh. boo-hoo. honey.
If you wanted
to make a change.
you would have.
It is not that easy.
Ginny Moon.
It is that easy.
You have to take some
ownership of your situation.
Clearly you like
being a doormat
or you would've
packed your bags
a long time ago.
Hey!
Hey. hey. wait a second.
There was no reason
to tear her down!
Tear her down?
That's all I've been
hearing for 20 years.
- Get your shit together. Mary!
- No. no. Enough!
You know. that may be
your mantra. okay?
But it's not fair
to force it on...
- Oh. here we go.
- What?
It's squeaky-clean Nora.
Scrubbing up
all our problems.
shoving them
under the rug.
covering them up with
work-work-work.
You know. if you stay
busy enough.
maybe you'll never
have to confront...
Okay!
You tell me who else
is going to pay my bills?!
Huh?
Nora. you got
plenty of money.
And maybe you could
have someone
if you weren't
so addicted to the grind.
You're on autopilot. baby!
Oh. thank you. babe.
Thank you.
Thank you
for your armchair analysis.
And I feel so much better.
I'm not gonna
engage with you on this
because you're not coming
from your authentic self.
What? Oh. yeah?
That's really ironic
coming from Ginny Moon
aka Jennifer Moskowitz.
What?
Oh. what?! No! Oh. okay.
- That's it for you. Oh!
- Oh! Ow!
Oh. yeah.
Like that hurt. huh?
- Huh?
Huh?
Oh! Oh. dear!
Oh. my God! Your face!
Nora!
What? Oh!
Is that your cell phone?
Have you had your phone
on you this entire time?!
No!
Oh. okay. I-- Aah!
Don't lie to us!
What's the big deal?
I wasn't even using it.
Big deal is that
I needed a phone
to check in on my family.
Nora needed a phone
to check in at work.
and you were hiding one!
But the rules don't apply
to you. do they. Ginny?
Do you even care about us?
- No. no. no. No!
- Oh!
- Stop.
- Of course I care about you!
You think I would've
done all this
just to get you two
to gang up on me?
I spent a quarter
of a million dollars
setting this whole thing up.
This whole reunion
was you?
Was this all some big scheme
to just... to fix us?
It was the only way
I could get the two of you
to spend time with me.
- You're a psychopath.
- No. no-- Oh!
- At least I'm on a path. babe.
- No. no--!
To destruction!
You may not like my methods.
but I'm helping people!
Well. maybe people
don't want to be helped!
Okay. that's it.
I'm leaving. Oh!
Not if I leave first!
Oh. fuck you. pillow.
Okay. If you're gonna go.
just go!
Take a hike!
No.
Oh. Gotcha.
Oh...
Alarm engaged.
Sound in three. two. one...
Oh. my God!
Wait a minute! Hold the phone!
It's 2-5-2-5.
Oh. my God. My goodness.
Hello. Ginny Moon.
Oh. I'll just log in as myself.
There you go.
Call Kris Thompson-Grey.
Did you say
call Christ Church Alliance?
No. no! No. no. no. no.
Call Kris--
Aah! Thompson-Grey!
No. no. no. no.
Calling Christ Church Alliance.
Hang up! Oh. shoot. Oh. God!
Hello. you've reached...
Goddamn it. you piece of shit!
- Christ Church Alliance.
Okay.
You have 244 unread messages.
Okay. Calm down.
Aah! Oh! Oh...
Nora? Is that you?
Good morning.
What are you doing
sleeping in this thing?
I just dozed off.
It's nothing. you know.
- I'm fine.
- Can I come in?
Well. yes.
Wow!
Yeah.
Very cool.
Yep.
Yeah. Must be nice
to have famous friends. huh?
- Of course.
- Is that. uh...
- What? Huh?
- Is that barbecue sauce?
Huh?
Ugh.
Nora. Have you been
working all night?
No. no. no. No.
What?
- No.
- No. really. just tell me.
Go ahead. You can say it.
I see your face.
- Yeah. Yeah. I know.
- Well. what is it?
- It's nothing.
- Is it pity or disappointment?
It's not-- I could never
be disappointed in you.
It's... What?
It's recognition. Okay?
I was this close to being
in your same place.
But you're further gone
than I was.
Well. always an overachiever.
If I'm gonna be a workaholic.
then I'm gonna be
the best one there is!
It's a drug. It's a hard
habit to kick. believe me.
When you're addicted
to your work...
rock bottom feels like...
winning.
Huh?
Oh. Oh. God.
It's. uh... Oh.
You know what? I'll. uh...
- I'll leave you to it.
- Oh.
Oh. okay. Fine. Bye.
You know what?
Ah. shit.
Um...
Hey!
Hey.
Just...
I thought you were a bear.
I wish.
You do?
No. I was gonna
think of something
charming to say.
and then you startled me
when you screamed.
Oh. wait. Were you having
a contemplative moment?
I'm sorry
if I disturbed you.
No. you didn't. Come on.
I'd like the company. Sit.
Coffee?
Yes. please.
I never do things like this.
What? Take a walk in the woods?
I mean.
just putting myself first.
You know. I raised my kids.
Now I'm raising grandkids.
I take Camille
to ballet class.
I gotta cover
people's shift at work.
Help Mike find a caboose
for his vintage train set.
Oh. heh! Sorry.
I just unloaded all that.
Sorry.
No. You don't have to apologize.
Sorry. Oh. I...
...said it again. All right.
Okay. You know.
not to overstep.
Mary. I think you're
a whole lot more capable
than you give yourself
credit for.
I think so too.
I mean. there's so many things
that I have always wanted.
I had beautiful children.
I've got a lovely home.
Everybody's healthy.
Who am I to want more?
But I do. Tommy.
I could've been a doctor.
I should have been
a doctor.
I was at the top
of my med school class.
Then I got pregnant.
Oh. God.
Oh! I can't believe
I said all that out loud.
- It's okay.
- Oh. no. I'm sorry.
I just-- I hijacked
the whole conversation.
making it about me.
But it's nice
just to be able to speak.
I am so. so tired
of shutting up.
Can you say something now?
No. I'm just here to hear.
I enjoy listening to you.
That is an underrated skillset.
Hey. um. do you think
we could do this again sometime?
I promise I will...
I'll let you get a word in
every now and then.
You sure about that?
Stop! God.
I used to love swimming.
I'd wake up every morning
to do laps before work.
Every part of that
sounds miserable to me.
Okay?
- Okay.
- Why did you quit?
Oh. I let work creep in
and consume everything.
I set boundaries
for my life now.
Small step.
but seems to be working.
Well. no one is gonna be able
to take on what I do.
Well. someone
thinks highly of herself.
Oh. no.
Okay. What would happen
if you died?
- Oh.
- Too morbid?
Someone would step in...
Mm-hmm....and figure it out.
And if they didn't.
you wouldn't care.
- You'd be dead.
- Can we just stop talking
about me being dead?
- Yes. Okay. Sure.
- Okay.
One more thing
about being dead.
Okay. one more thing
about being...
- But it's about me.
- Okay. It's about you.
So I'm guessing that's
a better scenario for you.
That is arguably worse.
Well. I'll take that
as a compliment.
Sixteen years ago.
I had a heart attack.
- Oh.
- Big one.
Next morning. I wake up
in a hospital room.
Oh...
Now. if this was a movie... Yeah?
...and let's say
Tom Hanks was playing me.
he would've woken up
in that hospital room
- surrounded by loved ones.
- Yeah.
Well. it didn't happen
that way.
I woke up alone.
So. what. you just decided
to change like that?
The meeting I was in
was to discuss
selling the company.
- Uh-huh.
- My collapsing in the board room
didn't do much to.
uh. instill confidence.
So between the bed rest
and the. uh. hostile takeover.
I had a lot of time
to think about
what I had done
and not done with my life.
'Cause when my kids
finally did show up.
they weren't buying the. uh.
It's a Wonderful Life epiphany
their father
had just experienced.
Oh. But then.
so what did you do?
- I started showing up.
- Oh.
It's never-ending.
- Okay?
- Mm-hmm.
I have to pretend
still to love golf
just so I can spend
four hours a week with my son.
But things are
a lot better now with him
than. uh...
Than they were.
Life is more than work. Nora.
I don't know. I don't.
I just feel like work
is all I have anymore.
- You've got your friends.
- Mm-hmm.
If they don't hate me
for neglecting them
for the last 40 years.
You're too lovable
to hate.
I was thinking. and I don't
want to be too forward.
It would be nice
to see you again.
In the real world?
- Yeah.
- Uh-huh.
Do you have a business card?
Oh!
Yeah!
Shit.
A wise man once said.
"that's what friends are for!"
But for what?
He didn't clarify.
He didn't...
Because a wise man.
maybe he doesn't even
have any real friends.
Shit.
Um...
Sometimes friends
turn their backs on you...
just for years!
I'm not naming any names.
Mary. Nora.
Are you cleaning up
deer shit?
Yeah. They don't trust me
to do anything else and...
I don't make sense in a lot
of working environments. so...
Yeah. Deer shit. Scat.
It's probably a good idea
to leave the scat.
It's a natural fertilizer.
If you were lonely.
why didn't you
just call your friends?
You didn't have to orchestrate
a reunion
just to give them a speech.
Yeah. I knew you were
eavesdropping on me.
You were pretty loud.
Okay. I see
what you're doing.
You're just trying to
flip this thing back on me.
You know. they would never
have agreed to hang with me
- if I just called 'em.
- How do you know?
Because I know.
- What if you're wrong?
- It's never happened.
Well. maybe in an effort
to keep your friends close.
you ended up trying
to control things
so you wouldn't get hurt.
No offense. but you're
not smart enough
to psychoanalyze me.
That hurt my feelings.
Um. by the way.
there's E. coli in deer scat.
and it's not safe
to have around kids.
So it does need
to get picked up.
Oh! God. Oh. no! Wait a second.
Okay. There. There.
Nora?
Oh!
Oh. God. Oh. God.
Stop. It's just me.
Oh. thank goodness.
I'm so grateful.
So stupid.
Having to creep around
so I can shower
and get ready.
At least you had an out.
I had a full night of her
in my ear all night
- while I was trying to sleep.
- Did she just go on and on
about how awful I am?
Probably.
I put in earplugs.
I tuned her butt out.
I mean. this whole thing
is just so weird.
Like. who replaces
their friends' entire wardrobe?
She has to curate everything.
down to the silk neckerchief.
She always has.
Remember when she insisted
on throwing John
a bar mitzvah?
I had to drive him
to the Hebrew tutor
for six months straight!
We're Episcopalian!
But it was a great party. though.
It was a great party.
Yeah.
Oh...
You know what. this...
This scarf is very you.
Yeah. It is. isn't it?
Nora?
What?
Are we the assholes?
No!
Well. I forgot her birthday
this year!
Oh. I know.
I read about it in People.
then I sent her some flowers
a week late.
You know what?
I didn't send anything.
I mean. when is
her birthday? I don't know!
It's in January.
January 20...
- I feel so bad.
- Third? It's one of the 20s.
Maybe we are the assholes.
I don't know
what to make of me.
Oh. shit. Yeah.
Ooh...
Assholes.
Thank you. thank you.
Thank you so much for having me.
And. um. I think you
should give yourselves
a big round of applause
for making it through
seven days in bunk beds.
It's not as easy
60 years down the line.
So. um... Uh...
Is it just me. or is it
really warm up here?
What's going on?
It's just...
It's just me. okay.
Um...
A lot of--
A lot of us have gotten
settled in our ways.
Stuck in a rut.
Get your shit together!
I don't know if that was at me
or with me.
Uh. but I'm just...
I'm now realizing it's...
It's a very aggressive thing
to say to someone
when they may be
trying their best.
And that's why I loved
the idea of a camp reunion.
Aw... To get everyone
out of their comfort zones.
Which I am now. apparently.
And you know what?
It is what it is.
The pressure of trying
to be perfect all the time
and in control is just...
It's just infuriating!
Spoiler alert:
I don't have my shit together!
Sometimes--
Oftentimes.
it's just
out of your control.
And you can't...
You know. if you...
If you try to...
If you try
to hold on to things...
If you-- If you try...
If you...
If you try
to hold onto things.
they break.
I thought organizing
this weekend
would force my friends to...
- To see that they needed me.
- Oh...
To optimize their own lives.
But that's not what happened.
The most wonderful moments
we had all week
were just totally unexpected.
Because it didn't matter
what was happening
as long
as we were all together.
And I guess
that's the point of camp.
To reclaim that...
That childhood nonchalance.
Because that's when
meaningful change happens.
When you feel safe enough
to let your guard down.
So I hope all of you
have let your shit
hang out this week.
And I hope you have
many more
of those messy moments.
because it's more important
being together
than having your shit together.
Thank you.
Gin.
You didn't
have to pay for all of this
to get us
to hang out with you.
I didn't know.
I've just...
been there...
living vicariously
through your life events.
Weddings. baptisms...
Funerals.
Well. yeah.
But I've never
had one of my own.
Not a funeral. but. I mean...
a life event.
And I wanted to create one...
with the two of you.
My family.
But I understand
if you're both mad. so...
We can say goodbye now.
You can head out early
to the airport.
Well. since tomorrow
is our last day...
well. what would you
think about
maybe giving
the Sky Canopy a try?
Really?
Hell yeah!
Aah! Oh. no. no. Oh. God.
What was I thinking?
You'll be fine.
You're 100 feet up. tops.
Are you qualified
for this?
I got a new gig. Yeah.
I hired him to be
my media manager.
- What?
- Generating content as we expand
into the digital space.
He thinks I'm very meme-able.
Apparently I excel in
a more hands-off approach.
Oh! There you go. Oh. God!
Oh. please! Oh. no. no. no!
Nora. We'll be with you
the entire time.
No. stop it! Please!
I actually this
the squirrel cage
because. uh.
they used to call me
squirrelly in junior college.
I didn't graduate.
See? All good.
- Mm-hmm.
- You bring up the rear.
I would not recommend
looking down.
Hold. just quick still.
Quick still.
No. no. no...!Yeah!
This one does suck.
I'm not gonna lie.
It's deeply scary.
Whew!
You got this! Don't look down!
Okay.
Just keep moving!
I am moving! I'm moving.
Yes. but not forward.
I see what you're doing.
I do. I see it.
- What?
- The subtext.
Nora! You're literally
not moving forward!
I know!
I'm sacrificing
my friends for my job.
And want my friends!
I really do.
I want them!
- Hey. Nora?
- What?
You keep your eyes on mine.
You trust me?
No.
Fair enough. I deserve that.
I haven't been
the most trustworthy
or authentic friend.
I've been so controlling.
And. you know.
that I've been trying
to fix you and Mary.
Being Ginny Moon.
Bullying other people.
Changing their lives.
It's so much easier
than being
Jenny Moskowitz...
I understand....who really needs
to get her shit together.
- Yep.
- Oh. my God...
One more...
There you go!
I'm so happy. I'm alive.
Oh. God!
You are the real deal.
That was the real deal.
do you hear me?
When you're vulnerable.
it's inspiring.
I feel like
I can do anything!
And it goes through the tree.
around the hole...
It goes around the hole
and through the...
Either way. the bunny
doesn't die. right?
Bunny safe.
I cannot do this!
Yes. you can!
You can do it!
You're not gonna die.
I mean. eventually.
Oh... Oh... Do or die. little guy.
- Are you going first?
- Okay. Yes. I am.
- You sure?
- Uh-huh. Ladies...
I am quitting my job.
Ginny...
I'm leaving Mike
and going back to med school.
To freedom! Whoo!
What? You two can't
drop info like that
when I've got
a harness up my hoo-hah!
To friendship!
Yeah! To friendship!
♪ I got my first
Real six-string ♪
♪ Bought it
At the five and dime ♪
♪ Played it
Till my fingers bled ♪
♪ Was the summer of '69 ♪
♪ Me and some guys
From school ♪
♪ Had a band
And we tried real hard ♪
♪ Jimmy quit
And Jody got married ♪
♪ I should've known
We'd never get far ♪
♪ Oh. when I look back now ♪
♪ That summer seemed
To last forever ♪
♪ And if I had the choice... ♪
What is she like
off hours?
- It's not a problem.
- It's the same deal.
I'm cool. I'm fine.
I drive a Mustang.
- Yeah. that's good.
- And its pretty sweet.
- That was sarcastic.
- No. Sarcasm is not in my DNA.
That feels sarcastic.
I have a perfectly
rousing sex life.
- thank you very much.
- Oh. yeah?
Let me know when you need it.
But I don't.
And I'd like it.
I'll just...
It's a new friend.
I mean. we can do
a strip search
for contraband if necessary.
It's not necessary.
I... I don't know.
Just in case.
I've never done one before.
and I really want to do one.
You don't need to.
- Have you done one?
- Yes. I have.
- What?
- I enjoyed it.
When?
I should've gone to college.
This sucks.
What's your name?
Mike.
She's here
to protect and serve.
Not buzzkill and .
Cut it.
Come on! Ow! Ow!
Oh. geez louise.
Stand up. woman.
- I'm coming.
- Jesus Christ! What happened?
Again. please.
Yay!
- Okay. I can't take anymore.
The two of you are insane.
See you later. okay?
I have to have
some cookies and candy.
- Let's try it together.
- Oh!
Oh. my God! Uh-oh.
Well... Uh. yeah.
Uh. I'm sure he won't mind.
He looks like he's...
Well. he's crawling now.
- But that's not a good thing.
- Oh. no!
Should we call somebody?
Now there's a lot of blood.
Yeah.
Okay. So what about lunch?
I did a series
of hot takes on...
On weaponized incontinence.
and--
I did a series of hot takes
on weaponized in...
"Competence."
- I did a ser-- Okay.
- You did what?
I did a series of hot takes
on weaponized in... Competence.
"Continence" is not about...
That's pee.
- I went to impotence.
- That's something...
Okay. what a minute. Wait.
- Yes.
- I did a series of hot takes
on "weapotized"...
I really had it! I had it!
Okay. You still have it.
Do it!
- Okay. All right.
- Bitch.
Okay. You know. this is...
This is like the last time
anyone ever undulated?
By the way.
what does it mean?
Is it sexual?
- Oh. come on!
- No. I'm sorry.
It's undulating.
I know!
Well. I can kiss if I want!
You can kiss
whomever you...
Oh. you want me to kiss you?
- No!
- Just give me my phone.
I'll kiss you. I'm happy to.
Oh. forget it. Goodbye.
I need to get out of here!
Holy shit. It looks like
someone got murdered down here.
Here. you take this.
You might need a puff of that.
Through the rabbit hole.
Ready. one. two. three!
Our father who art in heaven.
Hallowed be thy name.
My kingdom come.
Thy will be done.
On earth as it is in heaven.
Give us this day
our daily bread.
Please. God.
Please. God. Please.
Yeah! To friendship!
Oh. man. This is like
an AARP commercial.